Release/2.5.7 (#100)
AirConsole/airconsole-unity-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.5.7] - 2025-03-12

> This release fixes an issue where AirConsole callbacks got delayed by at least one frame, incorrect Android Manifest outputs during builds and improves

Reviewer: Line seems to be too long (157 instead of 120)

the pong example.

### Fixed

> - SendMessage calls in WebGL builds are now processed as soon as possible.

Reviewer: I would probably reformulate this to be game dev centric

```suggestion
- WebGL: Events sent from the browser to Unity are now processed as soon as possible.
```

- Fixed usage of all variants of Unity Activities in Android Manifest

### Changed

> - Adjust the pong example to make use of the CustomDeviceState and bring it closer to the Web pong example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adjust the pong example to make use of the CustomDeviceState and bring it closer to the javascript pong example
```
